uml stands for unified modeling language
and it is used
heavily when designing computer systems
large and small and it looks like
this a lot of boxes and arrows with some
text in it
so how it is a language and how do we
use it
hi i am smok and this is quick answer
[Music]
by no means think that this is a full
introduction to uml
it's like trying to teach c plus in five
minutes or less
i'll make a full deep dive video
sometime soon
so make sure you subscribe uml is a
formal language
authors claim that each element of
language has
a strongly defined meaning it's
concise uses straightforward and
simple notation and its pass through
all important aspects of describing a
system
so why would you choose uml over
something else though well uml is an
open standard
that isn't controlled by any specific
vendor
this means that you can learn it and be
understood around the real world uml has
this feature
being understood precisely you can't go
wrong with uml like you can't go wrong
with a word
date you can have a date with someone
eat a date food
have a date of birth or date something
as old
uml is not ambiguous and that
is important uml offers these different
flavors
different views logical process
development physical and use case view
these describe different aspects of
software
how it's structured how it works how
it's organized
how it's located on servers and of
course
how it is used logical view
has the biggest family of diagrams and
these are usually known as
actual uml diagrams in the software
development world
in here you'll find class diagrams
showing hierarchy
fields methods interfaces relations
and all that object diagrams describing
situations in the live system and
sequence diagrams explaining how
elements
interact over time also there are
communication
timing and composite diagrams there are
a lot of details here
but out of the scope of this video
process view contains
activity diagrams that describe how
things are done
in your system execution starts at
the entry point usually marked with
black circle
each step of the algorithm is in a
rounded box
and diamond indicates a control
structure
if while or four system
follows the arrows until it reaches the
final node
black circle with an additional outline
i know
i know very complex development view
is about organizing your system into
modules and components
there are two notations both of them
describe what interface component
provides
which it requires and
what artifacts make up a component
physical view is used to show how the
system is
structured on hardware deploy diagrams
show nodes or simply physical or virtual
machines
that host our service list of deployed
artifacts is visible on every node
and they are connected with each other
to show
what interfaces are used between them
use case view is used to simplify and
standardize customer requirements
originally written
in some natural language to something
distilled
and unified that can be used by
developers
to quickly get familiar with overall
behavior of the system
and key use cases these views make up
the uml language
as you can tell there is much more than
miss di
subscribe and i'll see you in the next
one cheers
[Music]